get it everyone corrupts carnage here
and welcome to this real Minecraft video
we are going to put something very
special we are going to cook a
Vietnamese rice paper rolls here the
real of Minecraft so basically what you
need to cook a Vietnamese rice paper
rolls is obviously rice paper as you can
see that's what I hope this will be
purchase from a local store many rice
paper will do you can get square on
circular line doesn't really matter and
you need a dish full of hot water as
well so basically you pick up the rice
paper roll rice paper thing there and
chuck it into the water because I do
later on and then you can start making
your roll you're also going to cook up
some pork on the stove which I've done
over here you can see the pen is just
chilling out so basically that's just
pork mince with some oyster sauce and
some mint leaves you'll also need some
vermicelli noodles you can cook that in
just in warm water glass and then some
peanuts you need some capsicum you need
to mint you will need some lime carrots
sure lots chopped up nice and nice and
fine as well as bean sprouts lettuce and
this beautiful sauce here which is made
from mint parsley oyster sauce balsamic
vinegar in a little bit of water so
basically that's what we need to that's
the ingredients you need to make the
Vietnamese rice paper rolls and now the
main thing to do now is to try and get
all these ingredients onto the rice
paper sort of pick up the rice paper
using your hand obviously tuck it into
the water into some warm water here and
it will start to it will start to kind
of go a little bit soft as you can see
then you put it back on the plate and
then you want to throw all your
ingredients on this rice paper roll and
then roll it up I'm not going to do that
it's gonna take does gonna take me a
fair bit but done I will do that
off-camera and come up with the finished
product welcome back everybody I've
finished off my Vietnamese rice pepper
as you can see it's going to be
absolutely delicious so now once it's
all rolled up you actually grab the
sauce from the top here lift the lid on
one side like this and then you can put
the sauce into the top that goes on crop
Carney's finger for watching this
real-life minecraft cooking episode
we're cooking this delicious Asian
cuisine and also can you please put a
comment below about what you're going to
cook in the real life minecraft and I
will endeavor to cook it it can be
anything it can be dinner can be
breakfast as it can be dessert give me
anything so there are guys I'm crop
carnies thank you for watching please
like pan and subscribe and I'll see you
guys another love programs
oh my